1. Research major cybersecurity breaches over the past 20 years and pick one to write a short essay on.
    - 2013 Target Data Breach
    - https://www.commerce.senate.gov/services/files/24d3c229-4f2f-405d-b8db-a3a67f183883


2. Give an overview of what the breach was and the motivations behind it.
    - Hackers wanted user data and payment card information for resale and were able to get this
    by installing malware on point of sale terminals through a series of vulerabilities starting
    with an HVAC and refrigeration company, Fazio Mechanical Services, based in Sharpsburg,
    Pennsylvania.


3. Explain where the “tech flaws” were, and how hackers were able to breach their system.
    - Target gave network access to a third-party vendor, a small Pennsylvania HVAC
    company, which did not appear to follow broadly accepted information security
    practices. The vendor’s weak security allowed the attackers to gain a foothold in
    Target’s network.
    - Target appears to have failed to respond to multiple automated warnings from the
    company’s anti-intrusion software that the attackers were installing malware on
    Target’s system.
    - Attackers who infiltrated Target’s network with a vendor credential appear to have
    successfully moved from less sensitive areas of Target’s network to areas storing
    consumer data, suggesting that Target failed to properly isolate its most sensitive
    network assets.
    - Target appears to have failed to respond to multiple warnings from the company’s
    anti-intrusion software regarding the escape routes the attackers planned to use to
    exfiltrate data from Target’s network

4. What has the company done to protect against that vulnerability since?
    - Following the data breach, Target did issue more secure chip-and-pin cards.
    They discovered that chips alone weren’t enough to secure many of the cards that had
    been compromised, although consumers learned a lesson, too — credit cards are much
    more secure than debit cards. With credit cards, it’s easier to overturn a transaction,
    and a fake transaction doesn’t leave you without money.
    - A “Chip and pin” card is inherently more secure because it means that someone with just a
    name, card number, and address usually can’t perform transactions. But that wasn’t an
    all-around solution. Enough data had been stolen that consumer identities could potentially
    be compromised, regardless if the debit and credit cards were secured. And identity theft
    can be a much bigger problem than a single compromised card.